Add macOS 13 Ventura and remove Catalina support (#4316)
dart-lang/site-www: src/get-dart/index.md

### macOS

* **Supported versions:** Latest three major versions.

>   As of October 2022, the following versions are supported:

Reviewer: **issue:** Use active voice.
```suggestion
Dart supports the following macOS versions as of October 2022:
```
